All right.
So we want to show the list of posts just like this one.
So let's go first.
Let's add a navigation link like that.
So let's go to the the nav component.
Start nav.
So we have the same.
That's the opinion that Scorpion finished one more time.
And this one we can post.
So it will take us to post.
So we need to create that base, and maybe we need to change the item.
Thank you.
So that's how it looks.
So we have to change the key as well.
Key posts.
I guess it doesn't exist.
So let's fix that.
And we also want to use a different name is so that we can use.
Let's try.
The one I want to use is the database outlined.
You can obviously choose any agent you like.
And I also noticed that we have this mail item for the brand name, so let's fix that.
So let's use App Store instead.
So let's come down.
Let's turn this to App Store and this one.
Let's change this to totally sound left over 90.
We have the brand name and then we get the posts.
I guess it is.
Good post and let's clear this base.
It's weird that we need to have bases full.
So here in said base folder posts don't see us.
Exposed casts forced to
return.
Maybe we can just.
Post for now.
It's fun to have this different base.
First, we need to prove the endpoint to that, give us a boost, and then we can do more work on this
one.
Okay, so we've got a post here and I just realized that we actually already have the post endpoint.
So that's how we are showing all the post for the admin here.
Me, we could all post and we are always doing all this post, right?
So this is the endpoint we can actually use this endpoint because if you notice here on the post office,
we are actually just showing the images and the title.
We're not showing any extra information.
For example, all this information, the post content, we actually are not showing that.
We just showing the post title and the image.
That's all we need and we need this slope.
And so so that means I think we can continue using this end point if we need to create a different endpoint
later, one for public and one for admin, then we will do that.
But for the moment, let just utilize this existing endpoint.
So let me quickly go back and Sue, you wrote post, so we already have the post endpoint.
Here in our control.
So to show the images, we have to populate the images.
So let's.
Populate Image's featured image is slim distributing the moral post featured images.
So let's populate that as well.
All right.
So with that sense, we should be able to show the posts with images.
So let's go work on the homepage outside of the post office.
So, like I said earlier, we're not going to use use effect.
We instead we're going to use get some sad props so that our base will not load until we receive the
data from the server, until we receive all the posts from the server.
Only when we receive on the post we saw the base.
That will be good for issue.
All right.
So that function, let me quickly take you to the next test documentation.
Scoot in the docks and let's search for some.
Some say it props.
There are different ways of clearing data.
So basically for server side rendering, this is a function we use and it has to return props properly.
This is really important.
Again, you can just return the data you got from the server.
Whatever response you got, you don't do that.
Do you always use props?
I guess that's one requirement.
Okay, so let's use this function.
So as you can see, this function is written like that export async function.
Get some said props.
And here we are.
Actually, if there is a need to access the context, the request and response, you'll be able to access
that here as well.
So here, what are you going to do?
As you can see, we have to return the props so we can use it.
Excuse to make a request.
In poor excuse and then we use ex use against data includes two point excuse.
That means we're using async so we can use it excuse don't make it get requests to the endpoint.
Now this endpoint.
Let me quickly take you to the Ian bit at local.
So previously I explained if this Ian variable you need to access in the browser environment, then
you have to use next public.
So that's what we were using so far.
But this time we need to use the API.
So because we are using it in the server side, so we use API.
So yeah, let's use batting dollars and call it base forces.
Start EMV, dart API, S+ first.
So that's the endpoint.
That's where we make a request.
Then we should receive the data on the post so we can return props.
I guess this is a requirement to make sure to use written props.
And then here we want to return the post right to post data, the values data.
And you could also you return data as well.
That's fine, but let's give this the name of posts.
That way it would be it would make sense, you know, I suppose.
So here, when you return the props, you can access that props post here.
So you can destructor posts here.
So I want to destock suppose that you have access to on the post or you can sign the post here.
So here first we need a layout so we can use the rows and columns from end to this important input of
draw and call from and design.
And then we return the row
and then we use column.
Now what are we going to do?
Is we going to have a sidebar like this instead of seeing the finished product?
So we're going to post images, post title, post content here on this with and then this sidebar.
We also some other interviews and now of course it's up to you you can just make it full with it's up
to you.
You can also the image full width and so the content.
And then so this extra content here, you feel free to style it differently.
But I'm going to continue using this style.
So this much space we use for the post and then we use the same graph to show all the information like
categories, recent post.
All right.
So we can use a column with the span.
Actually, let's use the value small in small screen.
We take the full width.
On larger screen, we use column eight.
No, actually, it's a drawing of a column grid.
So on bigger screen, we can use 16.
I guess that will be the one column, and then another column will be for sidebar.
So on small screen we can give it a full width.
On another screen, we use eight angles here.
And we use them just right sidebar for them.
And here
I want to show the content.
So.
Let's just have a look at what we have.
Pretty decent string of funny posts.
Now for.
And I think on the road we can give the go to 12.
Okay.
Let's visit both space.
So beautiful.
Now we have all the posts as this and other.
We got that and we have the sidebar to show that additional information.
Beautiful.
Awesome.